yes
Hi, girls, I do not know if it happened to you
but it has happened to me that I had many
problems with the heels and in the end I've
had to look everywhere before
a solution and in the end he has found it
so I'm going to give you the tips that
he has learned about my entire career
with the heels and I hope some of
these then serve you to start
when some shoes do not squeeze I think
I've already said in some video
previously that the best we can
do is put them in the freezer because
put them in the freezer as is in a
plastic bag because this will make
the fibers when you take them out of the
freezer best suit your foot is
as if we wanted to shrink it for
then adapt it then we would leave in
the freezer the shoe all night and
the next morning we would put a
little bit in the sun to leave 2s
all that water that has been accumulated
inside
and then we would not put it and already
you will see how it fits really well the
tongue thing to avoid friction what
What we can do is take a little bit of
moisturizer and throw it away so it's
here for the inside of the shoe
then we would apply here and for the
lateral then this that would make
when we put the shoe on
be the friction that makes us here the
damage and many times we get the area
that makes friction look like
red and it hurts a lot then that
then we would avoid it also when
we have a shoe that slips a
mogollón and we do not want to kill us out there
then what we can do is catch
Scissors and pick up the tip and scratch
the by the surface then we would be
so plates a lot of lines there
without mercy and then this will make
when the shoe is walking on a
very clever surface will grip better to
that surface and we will not reserve that
Yet even happened to us a lot just
with all the white shoes I get
even with the plans with some boots
was about to kill me for that reason
because it had too much surface
smooth and had no grip
then this is one of the things then
if they have if the foot backs us
We can apply a little bit of
lacquer over here inside the shoe
at a distance then something like that and then
we would apply a little bit of the
cala we will leave a little dry and not what
we would put then that will make the foot
take us much better
and then on the other hand if we have the foot
that helps us a lot, I met a
person who did it and it worked
great that he used talcum powder
I used it inside the shoe
then this made all that whole
moisture generated by the foot is like
I sucked the talcum powder then
made her shoe better
heel so I do not expect you to have
served these tricks that you leave me
down here all those that you
They have worked for me also
can try and serve me some insurance and
that we see in the next video